we have something very special planned
tonight so in this hotel there's a
little chapel where couples can get
married and there's a wedding in
progress right now so that is the
wedding going on that's Jason and Cate
they're both in the airforce their
majors in the airforce the station in
Colorado and they have no idea we're
watching them they can't hear us right
now and our plan is to make their
wedding night even more special than it
already was going to be so let's break
in now to their wedding and hello Jason
and Kate hi Jason and Kate hi there I'm
Jimmy Kimmel I'm doing this show from
the Zappos Theatre right now we're very
close to you congratulations sorry to
interrupt whatever what were you guys
doing our family get ready getting ready
to get married well I was wondering if I
might step in and you might let me
preside over your ceremony would that be
all right okay rolling that's okay with
you that's don't worry that was an altar
boy for me lawyers that I know how to do
it okay so we are gathered here today in
this most sacred place Planet Hollywood
in Las Vegas to join in holy matrimony
Jason and Kate but before we do if
anyone knows any reason why these two
should not be Wed speak now or forever
hold your peace
hey guys
[Applause]
well Timmy hey David David Spade
I just said I'm just so lost hi oh I
don't want to step on that I guess I'm
not really here to object-- but I had a
couple questions on this one is there a
slots of fun around here I got a Joe
Dirt residual check and I'm feeling
lucky
I don't think so anymore no Dave okay
and is there a pawn shop because I want
to see what I can get my peoples choice
of work David there are a lot of pawn
shops but we're in the middle of a
wedding ceremony right okay what's that
you do have an objection I did look at
this girl so cute hi yes it's me from
grown-ups freaking out Jimmy give her a
second yeah my objection is they seem a
little too sober and not on my watch in
Vegas Guillermo can we get some shots in
here guy
[Applause]
okay all right hope this is top-shelf
liquor do you want to take one you got
that to the three of us here we go and
you to get a pre wedding toast beautiful
everyone approves now let's get back to
business Jason do you take Kate to be
your lawfully wedded wife I do Kate do
you take Jason to be your lawfully
wedded husband thank you well now by the
power vested in me by the Nevada State
bird which is the mountain Bluebird by
the way I pronounce you husband and wife
you may kiss each other on the mouth
very nice
now one more the question I have did you
hire a wedding singer
okay well thankfully I know a local
performer who was agreed to help you out
so Kate and Jason here to accompany your
first dance as husband and wife miss
Celine Dion
[Applause]
[Music]
baby you're the one who never let me
fall you're the one solver - strength
when I was weak you were my voice when
you speak you were my
when I do she so bad it wasn't me Jamie
you're rich
[Music]
because you
[Applause]
[Music]
that's a pretty good wedding well
congratulations take the gate in Jason
David would you like to sing something
before we go now or she sang the one I
was gonna do oh she did oh I mean damn
I'm gonna take off and hit spots of fire
okay you got to take off
Thank You silly execu Jason and Kate
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed